what is Server-side rendering? 
     is the process of taking js code and rendering to html and css to the server 

the critical path 
     is the path of delivering the most critical files to the user, faster

you need ssr if you care about 
     first meaningful paint
          ssr alone doesnt guarantee good resutls. you also need critical css and proximity to the client etc 
     seo 
          and support other bots like twitter and facebook
     graceful degradation 
          for this one, you need to make sure your service is usable without js
     
whats hard about it?
     ssr is like a new dimension. whatever you use you will neet to reconfigure it for services
          do you use componentDidMount to fetch data? you need to use something like getInitialProps or statement management library like redux to make it work on the server
          do you use router? you need to configure it on the server

firsty meaningful paint.
     if you are doing ssr, it doesnt mean you will get good first meaningful paint out of the box
          does your setup have a good time to the first Byte? if your server slow or overloaded - you will have issues, make sure to use the latest node, minify server code, use streaming rendering, optimize subqueries (database or network) if any 
          do you provide critical css? otherwise the browser cant start to render the page
     ssr is not a silver bullet for the first meaningful paint, if your backend is slow or far away you will need to check if shell and cdn would work better
     
seo 
     SSR
     Prerendering, like react-snap, react-static, gatsby etc.
     Prerendering on the demand, like rendertron, puppetron, pupperender etc.     
     choose prerendering if you can. prerendering on the demand is easy to add at any moment if your only concern is seo 
graceful degradation
     this one is tricky. this really depends on how much degradation you want (silly slut) to achieve?
          do you want to support links? this suppose to work
          do yous want to support drpo down menus? you need to use some tricks with css and checkboxes
          do you want to suport forms? you need endpoints to handle those forms, in addition to existing json api
     some functionality without js is pretty hard, like combo boxes or maps 
