the interviewer will make an assessment of the performance, based on the following: 
     analytical skills - 
          did you need much help solving the problem? how optimal was your solution? 
          how long did it take you to arrive at a solution? if you had to design/architect a new solution,
          did you structure the problem well and think through the tradeoffs of different decisions?
     coding skills - 
          were you able to successfully translate your algorigthm to reasonable code?
          was it clean and well-organized? did you think about potential errors? did you use good style?
     Technical knowledge/computer science fundamentals -
          do you have a strong foundation in computer science and
          the relevant technologies?
     Experience -
          Have you made good technical decisions in the past? have you built interesting,
          challenging projects? have you shown drive, initiative and other important factors?
     Culture fit / communication skills -
          do your personality and values fit with the company and team? did you communicate well with 
          your interviewer?

*** why? ***
     this is the most common question of all, afterall, apps are very complex, and if youre going to add something
     you need to have a reason
     why do things this way? 
          lots of great candidates dont do well in these sorts of interviews 
          you could look up the answer if it did ever come up
          you rarely have to use data structures such as binary search trees in the real world. if you did need to 
          you could surely learn it 
          whiteboard coding is an artificial environment

writing a great resume 
     resume screeners look for the same things that interviewers do. they want to know that yore smart and that you 
     can code
     that means you should prepare your resume to highlight the right things
     appropriate resume length
          recruiter only spend a fixed amount of time (about 10 seconds) looking at the resume. if you limit the content to the most impressive items, the recruiter is sure to see them, adding additional items just distracts the recruiter from what youd really like them to see 
          some people just flat-out refuse to read long resumes.
     